I'm Wesley Morris and uh
>> [laughter]
>> it's spring.
And you know, as a person [music] who
rides his bike a lot of places around
New York City, one of the things that's
so great about spring is there's this
moment that happens where
you get on your bike for the first time,
even though you've been riding in the
abject cold and the abject heat,
there's something about this like middle
temperature zone where it's like
you just feel differently alive. The
other day
I was on my bike and
I was listening
to an album that sounded exactly like
the season I wanted to feel in my soul.
Harry Styles' fourth album, Kiss All the
Time, Disco Occasionally, and the first
song on the album is called Aperture.
It's just like a very warm keyboard note
>> [music]
>> and underneath it, like you're not even
sure you're hearing it. It's very low.
And then [music]
do do do
it's like something is blossoming or
blooming or like taking off and you're
suddenly like, okay, whatever is
happening after these opening bars, I'm
all the way in. I've been getting spring
albums since I was 10 years old as far
as I can remember. Some album in its
entirety will present itself to me as
being my spring album. The album will
just say, you are mine. And sometimes
it's a very obvious thing, like it's
just the most popular or most
interesting thing that has been released
sometime in March and they just sort of
set the tone for about 6 weeks. That's
all I really want to listen to.
The albums sort of say to me that
anything is possible. They make me
happy. They match the change in the
temperature and what happens in nature,
even in a city, you know, things
blossom, including people. Uh Madonna's
Like a Prayer.
>> [music]
>> R.E.M.'s Out of Time.
>> Last spring, my album was this thing
called Horror by um this wonderful
singer and songwriter named Bartise
Strange.
I listened to that all spring. Took it
everywhere I went. And this spring, my
spring album, Harry Styles,
Kiss All the Time, Disco Occasionally,
best title of the year already. These
songs sound so good at this time of year
to just be running around New York on
your bike, getting off the subway, going
for walks. Um in part because, you know,
this guy not the greatest singer in the
world, not the most charismatic um
vocalist, but he is a charismatic pop
star. What I love about this album is
he's not kidding. Kiss All the Time,
Disco Occasionally, he means it. This
album has some great sounds on it.
Ready Steady Go, which I think is the
third track, starts with like a kick
drum that's like a basketball. It's
almost playoff [music] time, people.
Just boom boom boom boom. Anyway,
I These songs go in so many fun,
interesting directions. There are some
Afrobeat stuff. There are some British
acid house. There's that trick that LCD
Soundsystem does where they just
basically you're sitting in a bathtub
and you're like, where is the [music]
water? And then very gradually
just you're in a sound bath. There's a
Daft Punk number. The point here is he
wants you dancing. He doesn't want you
thinking about what he's saying. I'm not
saying the lyrics aren't important, but
they're also not deep.
>> [music]
>> What I love about that is like it frees
you to just like have a bodily response
to what is happening on the songs
themselves. There's no stress happening
here and
I just think that this is a rarity in
male-oriented popular music right now.
Harry Styles' white North American peers
are suffering. Take Justin Bieber. Y'all
saw him come to the Grammys and perform
in boxer shorts, a guitar, and one of
those loop jammies.
>> [music]
>> Justin is trying to tell us something.
You know, I was convinced I felt
something coming out of this man,
including suffering, pain. Um he was
bringing his therapy to us
and you know, I'm here for that a lot of
the time.
But not with my spring album. I don't
want your therapy in the spring.
>> [singing]
>> I want an artist for just a little bit
to tell me nothing. Just that he wants
to kiss all the time. That's it. And
disco occasionally.
>> [music]
>> This album is like appropriately
weightless to me. He put on this album
a song called Season 2 Weight Loss.
Harry Styles is like, you know what? I'm
giving pop a GLP-1. Well, I don't need
every album to do this, but I do like
the slimmed-down version of of pop music
right now. You know, it just makes it a
lot easier to start your spring off with
something that is
conscious of how little it wants to
weigh.
>> [music and singing]
>> Times are heavy. Give us something that
really doesn't do a lot. These songs are
like 12 beautiful little flowers.
>> [music]
[singing]
>> It's also just a seasonal offering. Like
I don't know that I'm going to be
listening to this thing in December of
this year, but for these 6 weeks, I have
got a whole bouquet of songs just put in
a vase, stick on a table, and make me
happy every day.